Add resource lineage docs page (#48)
glean-io/documentation: pages/docs/data-ops/resource-lineage.mdx

# Resource Lineage

You can use the resource lineage view to see your resources such as models, metrics, explorations, and dashboards in a dependency graph or DAG.  There are two ways to access the Resource Lineage graph:

### Via the DataOps Page

1. Click on your project name in the `nav bar`.
2. Select `DataOps` from the menu.
3. Go to `Resource Lineage` or follow the link: [Resource Lineage](https://glean.io/app/p/data-ops#resource_lineage).

### On a Per-Resource Basis

1. Find the resource you want to view in the Resource Lineage graph.

> 2. Click on the dropdown three dots button at the top of any resource page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on the dropdown next to a resource's name at the top of any Exploration, or the three-dot dropdown at the top of a Dashboard.
```

Author: This actually won't be right after we launch changes to saved explorations.  Will hold off on merging until that is live.
